fix: dev hub menu (#45)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/index.md

    - [Stock Reconciliation](/resource-types/livestock/stock-reconciliation.md)
      Provides information about a stock reconciliation event
  - [Treatments](/resource-types/livestock/treatments)
    Provides information about health treatments that can be recorded against animals.
    - [Group Treament Event](/resource-types/livestock/treatments/group-treament-event.md)
      Event for recording a medical treatment on a group of animals.
    - [Animal Treatment Event](/resource-types/livestock/treatments/animal-treatment-event.md)

>       The Treatment event records a single animal health treatment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Records a treatment event for a single, specific animal
```

  - [Weights](/resource-types/livestock/weights) 

>     Provides information about Weights that can be recorded against animals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Provides information on animal weight
```

    - [Group Weight Event](/resource-types/livestock/weights/group-weight-event.md) 
      The Group Weight event records liveweight observations for a group of animals.
    - [Animal Weight Event](/resource-types/livestock/weights/animal-weight-event.md)

>       The Weight event records a live weight observation of an animal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Animal Weight event records a live weight observation of an individual animal.
```

  - [Animal Assessment Event](/resource-types/livestock/animal-assessment.md)

>     The assessment event records an assessment of an animal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Records assessment notes against an individual animal
```

  - [Carcass](/resource-types/livestock/carcass) 
    Provides information about carcass.
    - [Carcass Observation Event](/resource-types/livestock/carcass/carcass-observation-event.md)
      An event in which a set of observations on a carcass, side or primal are recorded by an operator at a specified date-time.
- [Dairy](/resource-types/dairy) 
  Resource types available for Dairy.
	- [Milk Collection](/resource-types/dairy/milk-collection.md) 

>     This is a very simple WorkItem derivative that captures a record of milk being collected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          This is a very simple WorkItem derivative that captures a record of milk being collected. 
```
